In my opinion, the government should enhance the transportation system between the urban area and the 
rural one. More detailed, the government should build more roads and highways to connect the urban area 
and the rural one. In addition, the government should also build more public transportation such as buses, 
trains, and subways to connect the urban area and the rural one. This will make the transportation system 
between the urban area and the rural one more convenient and efficient. As a result, the people in the 
rural area can go to the urban area more easily and the people in the urban area can go to the rural area 
more easily. This will make the people in the urban area and the rural area more connected and the people 
in the urban area and the rural area can communicate with each other more easily. It can solve the problem
Kelly mentioned that rural area is lack of places for entertainment and culture as we can aquire them in a 
minute by taking the public transportation to the urban area. In conclusion, the government should enhance 
the transportation system between the urban area and the rural one.


Although Nancy's point may sound convincing since the best way to find a job in a new city is by reaching out 
your network of friends, family, and acquaintance. However, she may runthe risk of overgeneral. In fact, there
are few people who have such a strong network. Let's consider a hypothetical situation. If a person graduate from
the university in his hometown and unfortunately, he have not go out of his hometown in the past 22 years. However,
he can not find a job in his hometown. With no choice, he has to go to the urban area to find a job. In this case, he
can hardly have strong connection with anyone in the new city. Undoubtly, it happens to most of people.

Although Nancy's point may sound convincing since the best way to find a job in a new city is by reaching out 
your network of friends, family, and acquaintance. However, she may run the risk of overgeneral. In fact, though 
someone can find a job relying on his network, it is really hard for him to survive in the company if he has 
no ability so that he may be not capable to qualify his work. As a result, he will finally be fired. Let's consider
a hypothetical situation. If a

Bob does have a point that it is convenient to search for a job by job ads or in print. However, he does not see the practicality of the approach. Obviously, it will waste us a lot of time to filter them. Some fake ads deliberately mislead you in very tiny details and it is really hard to reveal them. What we can do is to examine them again and again. 